Update from auto-update/renku-ui-3.13.0 (#3270)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

0.37.0
------

Renku ``0.37.0`` introduces a new feature to pause sessions and later resume them exactly where you left off. All of your work in progress, including files, data, and environment changes not saved to git, are resumed right as you left them. 

> This feature replaces RenkuLab's branch-based auto-save mechanism. Most users do not have to do anything to transition from autosaves to persistent sessions. However, if your last session went into an autosave, you can still retrieve that work by using Start with Options and selecting your post recent autosave branch. If your project contains autosave branches that you do not need anymore, you can safely delete them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature replaces RenkuLab's branch-based auto-save mechanism. Most users do not have to do anything to transition from autosaves to persistent sessions. However, if your last session went into an autosave, you can still retrieve that work by using Start with Options and selecting your most recent autosave branch. If your project contains autosave branches that you do not need anymore, you can safely delete them. 
```

Renku ``0.37.0`` allows users to pause sessions and later resume them exactly where they left off.

Mind that the previous auto-save mechanism, based on GitLab branches, is phased out. Auto-save branches

> can be safely removed from GitLab repositories.

Reviewer 2: this isn't really true - users might have actual saved state there. We need to write up instructions on what they should do with those to be sure they don't lose work. cc @lokijuhy

Reviewer: You are right. Better to update that part since the statement is misleading.

What I meant is that branches won't be considered by RenkuLab anymore. There might still be relevant content there -- Tbf I'm not sure anyone will actually go through autosaves to check what's there, but this can be communicated better anyway

> Renku ``0.37.0`` allows users to pause sessions and later resume them exactly where they left off.
> 
> Mind that the previous auto-save mechanism, based on GitLab branches, is phased out. Auto-save branches
> can be safely removed from GitLab repositories.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Renku ``0.37.0`` introduces a new feature to pause sessions and later resume them exactly where you left off. All of your work in progress, including files, data, and environment changes not saved to git, are resumed right as you left them. 

This feature replaces RenkuLab's branch-based auto-save mechanism. Most users do not have to do anything to transition from autosaves to persistent sessions. However, if your last session went into an autosave, you can still retrieve that work by using Start with Options and selecting your post recent autosave branch. If your project contains autosave branches that you do not need anymore, you can safely delete them. 
```
